Hello and we do not welcome you
in matthias around here on the mwc and got
can lend a hand to the new here
iphone 6s plus if you are natural
Not
I am here at the booth, and this and that
is the zte blade 6 plus and in fact
there is next to the 6 plus one too
normal s6 and if you like that a bit
the optics look then is also without
that I mentioned the same from the beginning
It was completely clear from whom zte here
was inspired told
at the same time but at the price that
smaller is supposed to be sold for $ 250
So probably yes
Also in Germany think tropez
and here at 66 plus there are none
exact prices or never very clear though
it comes out and will be his chance the 3
now it will be a little lawyer
probably around 350 euros cost
and it really looks like that
very pretty we have here in 5.5
inch display and it solves with net
full hd on what i really really nice
finds and it has got it too
managed the relatively large battery too
namely build a 3000
milliamp battery that device can
Lte and of course the other usual
connection methods and it works
android 5.0 lollipop here it
Tears we see here is the camera that
after all, with 3 10 megapixel camera
we also see a roulette here
actually not even that
worst components installed
the whole is not really easy with
156 grams but tell me for a device in
the size is quite okay and it is
8 millimeters thick and what's up
so to speak , we will say look now
Kate at the side and we see here
left of course that's all complete
plastic and 40 folders plastic
but it does not look so bad
It has become a bit metal
look and if it does not get better that way
Do not think otherwise, that's it
Metal on top have a whole
classic jack and even
an infrared jack and here will
Camera is a bit of a story
if you have other side he still has
this camp's turn
we have the volume rocker the
really does not feel so free
accept complete plastic feeling
shared below the on and off switch
told here in person is an msm
89 39 boxer core processor in there the
after all clocked with 1 5 gigahertz and 2
gb ram has also heard of this device
8gb permanently installed memory to the man
but like many android phones canon
can be extended with
micro sd cards I do not see any here
slot that means you can somehow here
this back probably will decrease
so that was it
zte blade it six
Plus how does that happen to you?
even only a few euros people iphone
imitation you can find the brazen or
that does not really matter because that would have
anyway everyone will look the same
opinion because I'm really interested
curious what's down in the comments
that mathematics of nbc